# O-Reilly-e-Books
Here, there are ebooks of O'Reilly in pdf format with free of cost. So, Enjoy!

## From theme: Programming
### Microservices for Java Developers: A Hands-On Introduction to Frameworks and Containers
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/microservices-for-java-developers.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/microservices-for-java-developers.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/microservices-for-java-developers.mobi</br>
### Modern Java EE Design Patterns
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/modern-java-ee-design-patterns.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/modern-java-ee-design-patterns.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/modern-java-ee-design-patterns.mobi</br>
### Object-Oriented vs. Functional Programming
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/object-oriented-vs-functional-programming.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/object-oriented-vs-functional-programming.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/object-oriented-vs-functional-programming.mobi</br>
### Java: The Legend
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/java-the-legend.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/java-the-legend.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/java-the-legend.mobi</br>
### A Whirlwind Tour of Python
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/a-whirlwind-tour-of-python.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/a-whirlwind-tour-of-python.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/a-whirlwind-tour-of-python.mobi</br>
### 20 Python Libraries You Aren't Using (But Should)
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/20-python-libraries-you-arent-using-but-should.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/20-python-libraries-you-arent-using-but-should.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/20-python-libraries-you-arent-using-but-should.mobi</br>
### Hadoop with Python
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/hadoop-with-python.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/hadoop-with-python.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/hadoop-with-python.mobi</br>
### How to Make Mistakes in Python
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/how-to-make-mistakes-in-python.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/how-to-make-mistakes-in-python.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/how-to-make-mistakes-in-python.mobi</br>
### Functional Programming in Python
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/functional-programming-python.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/functional-programming-python.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/functional-programming-python.mobi</br>
### Python in Education
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/python-in-education.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/python-in-education.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/python-in-education.mobi</br>
### Picking a Python Version: A Manifesto
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/from-future-import-python.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/from-future-import-python.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/from-future-import-python.mobi</br>
### What's New in Swift 3
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/whats-new-in-swift-3.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/whats-new-in-swift-3.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/whats-new-in-swift-3.mobi</br>
### Why Reactive? Foundational Principles for Enterprise Adoption
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/why-reactive.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/why-reactive.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/why-reactive.mobi</br>
### Using Blocks in Ruby: A Brain-Friendly Report
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/using-blocks-in-ruby.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/using-blocks-in-ruby.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/using-blocks-in-ruby.mobi</br>
### Fintech, Open Source, and Emerging Markets: Digital Banking for Everyone
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/fintech-open-source-and-emerging-tech.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/fintech-open-source-and-emerging-tech.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/fintech-open-source-and-emerging-tech.mobi</br>
### Practical C++ Metaprogramming: Modern Techniques for Accelerated Development
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/practical-c-plus-plus-metaprogramming.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/practical-c-plus-plus-metaprogramming.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/practical-c-plus-plus-metaprogramming.mobi</br>
### Real-World Maintainable Software: Ten Coding Guidelines in Practice
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/real-world-maintainable-software.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/real-world-maintainable-software.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/real-world-maintainable-software.mobi</br>
### Trends Shaping the London Tech Scene
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/trends-shaping-the-london-tech-scene.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/trends-shaping-the-london-tech-scene.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/trends-shaping-the-london-tech-scene.mobi</br>
### 2016 European Software Development Salary Survey
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/2016-european-software-development-salary-survey.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/2016-european-software-development-salary-survey.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/2016-european-software-development-salary-survey.mobi</br>
### 2016 Software Development Salary Survey
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/2016-software-development-salary-survey-report.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/2016-software-development-salary-survey-report.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/2016-software-development-salary-survey-report.mobi</br>
### Why Rust?
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/why-rust.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/why-rust.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/why-rust.mobi</br>
### C++ Today
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/c++-today.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/c++-today.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/c++-today.mobi</br>
### RxJava for Android App Development
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/rxjava-for-android-app-development.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/rxjava-for-android-app-development.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/rxjava-for-android-app-development.mobi</br>
### Swift Pocket Reference: Programming for iOS and OS X
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/swift-pocket-reference.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/swift-pocket-reference.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/swift-pocket-reference.mobi</br>
### Open Source in Brazil: Growing Despite Barriers
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/open-source-in-brazil.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/open-source-in-brazil.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/open-source-in-brazil.mobi</br>
### Ten Steps to Linux Survival
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/ten-steps-to-linux-survival.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/ten-steps-to-linux-survival.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/ten-steps-to-linux-survival.mobi</br>
### Open by Design
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/open-by-design.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/open-by-design.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/open-by-design.mobi</br>
### Getting Started with InnerSource
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/getting-started-with-innersource.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/getting-started-with-innersource.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/getting-started-with-innersource.mobi</br>
### Microservices in Production: Standard Principles and Requirements
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/microservices-in-production.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/microservices-in-production.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/microservices-in-production.mobi</br>
### Developing Reactive Microservices
http://www.oreilly.com/COLL-20XX-Developing-Reactive-Microservices_Landing-Page.html/free/files/COLL-20XX-Developing-Reactive-Microservices_Landing-Page.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/COLL-20XX-Developing-Reactive-Microservices_Landing-Page.html/free/files/COLL-20XX-Developing-Reactive-Microservices_Landing-Page.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/COLL-20XX-Developing-Reactive-Microservices_Landing-Page.html/free/files/COLL-20XX-Developing-Reactive-Microservices_Landing-Page.mobi</br>
### Microservices AntiPatterns and Pitfalls
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/microservices-antipatterns-and-pitfalls.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/microservices-antipatterns-and-pitfalls.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/microservices-antipatterns-and-pitfalls.mobi</br>
### Microservices vs. Service-Oriented Architecture
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/microservices-vs-service-oriented-architecture.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/microservices-vs-service-oriented-architecture.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/microservices-vs-service-oriented-architecture.mobi</br>
### Evolving Architectures of FinTech: Structuring a New Generation of Financial Services with Modular Software and Agile Development Strategies
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/evolving-architectures-of-fintech.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/evolving-architectures-of-fintech.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/evolving-architectures-of-fintech.mobi</br>
### Software Architecture Patterns
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/software-architecture-patterns.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/software-architecture-patterns.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/software-architecture-patterns.mobi</br>
### Migrating to Cloud-Native Application Architectures
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/migrating-cloud-native-application-architectures.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/migrating-cloud-native-application-architectures.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/migrating-cloud-native-application-architectures.mobi</br>
### Reactive Microservices Architecture: Design Principles for Distributed Systems
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/reactive-microservices-architecture-orm.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/reactive-microservices-architecture-orm.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/reactive-microservices-architecture-orm.mobi</br>
## From theme: Iot
### Ambient Computing
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/ambient-computing.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/ambient-computing.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/ambient-computing.mobi</br>
### Governing the IoT
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/governing-the-iot.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/governing-the-iot.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/governing-the-iot.mobi</br>
### Opportunities and Challenges in the IoT
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/iot-opportunities-challenges.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/iot-opportunities-challenges.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/iot-opportunities-challenges.mobi</br>
### Creating Functional Teams for the IoT
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/creating-functional-teams-for-iot.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/creating-functional-teams-for-iot.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/creating-functional-teams-for-iot.mobi</br>
### Building a Hardware Business
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/building-a-hardware-business.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/building-a-hardware-business.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/building-a-hardware-business.mobi</br>
### When Hardware Meets Software
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/when-hardware-meets-software.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/when-hardware-meets-software.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/when-hardware-meets-software.mobi</br>
### What Is the Internet of Things?
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/what-is-the-internet-of-things.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/what-is-the-internet-of-things.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/what-is-the-internet-of-things.mobi</br>
### Software Above the Level of a Single Device: The Implications
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/software-above-device.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/software-above-device.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/software-above-device.mobi</br>
### Software & Hardware Collide
http://www.oreilly.com/solid/free/files/software-hardware-collide.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/solid/free/files/software-hardware-collide.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/solid/free/files/software-hardware-collide.mobi</br>
### Hardware by the Numbers: Startups
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/hardware-by-the-numbers.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/hardware-by-the-numbers.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/hardware-by-the-numbers.mobi</br>
### Innovation
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/innovation.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/innovation.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/innovation.mobi</br>
### Pitching Your IoT Project: How to Get Executive Buy-In
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/pitching-your-iot-project.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/pitching-your-iot-project.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/pitching-your-iot-project.mobi</br>
### User Experience Design for the Internet of Things
http://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/user-experience-for-iot.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/user-experience-for-iot.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/user-experience-for-iot.mobi</br>
### The Internet as Material
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/internet-as-material.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/internet-as-material.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/internet-as-material.mobi</br>
### Designing for the Internet of Things
http://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/designing-for-the-internet-of-things.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/designing-for-the-internet-of-things.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/designing-for-the-internet-of-things.mobi</br>
### Ambient Computing
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/ambient-computing.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/ambient-computing.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/ambient-computing.mobi</br>
### Smart Energy
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/smart-energy.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/smart-energy.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/smart-energy.mobi</br>
### Smart Cities, Smarter Citizens
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/smart-cities-smarter-citizens.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/smart-cities-smarter-citizens.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/smart-cities-smarter-citizens.mobi</br>
### Evaluating and Choosing an IoT Platform
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/evaluating-and-choosing-an-iot-platform.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/evaluating-and-choosing-an-iot-platform.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/evaluating-and-choosing-an-iot-platform.mobi</br>
### Evolving Infrastructures of the Industrial IoT
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/evolving-infrastructures-of-industrial-iot.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/evolving-infrastructures-of-industrial-iot.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/evolving-infrastructures-of-industrial-iot.mobi</br>
### Life: Sustainable, Programmable, Bottom-Up Manufacturing
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/bottom-up-manufacturing.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/bottom-up-manufacturing.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/bottom-up-manufacturing.mobi</br>
### 3D Printing Primer
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/3d-printing-primer.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/3d-printing-primer.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/3d-printing-primer.mobi</br>
### Predictive Maintenance
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/predictive-maintenance.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/predictive-maintenance.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/predictive-maintenance.mobi</br>
### Industrial Internet
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/industrial-internet.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/industrial-internet.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/industrial-internet.mobi</br>
## From theme: Data
### Big Data Now 2016 Edition
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/big-data-now-2016-edition.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/big-data-now-2016-edition.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/big-data-now-2016-edition.mobi</br>
### The Big Data Market
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/the-big-data-market.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/the-big-data-market.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/the-big-data-market.mobi</br>
### Integrated Analytics
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/integrated-analytics.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/integrated-analytics.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/integrated-analytics.mobi</br>
### Data Infrastructure for Next-Gen Finance
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-infrastructure-for-next-gen-finance.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-infrastructure-for-next-gen-finance.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-infrastructure-for-next-gen-finance.mobi</br>
### Advancing Procurement Analytics
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/advancing-procurement-analytics.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/advancing-procurement-analytics.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/advancing-procurement-analytics.mobi</br>
### The Global Impact of Open Data
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/the-global-impact-of-open-data.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/the-global-impact-of-open-data.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/the-global-impact-of-open-data.mobi</br>
### Data Science for Modern Manufacturing
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-science-for-modern-manufacturing.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-science-for-modern-manufacturing.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-science-for-modern-manufacturing.mobi</br>
### Mapping Big Data
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/mapping-big-data.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/mapping-big-data.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/mapping-big-data.mobi</br>
### Business Models for the Data Economy
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/business-models-for-the-data-economy.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/business-models-for-the-data-economy.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/business-models-for-the-data-economy.mobi</br>
### 2016 Data Science Salary Survey
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/2016-data-science-salary-survey.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/2016-data-science-salary-survey.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/2016-data-science-salary-survey.mobi</br>
### Embedding Analytics in Modern Applications
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/embedding-analytics-in-modern-applications.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/embedding-analytics-in-modern-applications.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/embedding-analytics-in-modern-applications.mobi</br>
### Data Science in the Cloud with Microsoft Azure Machine Learning and Python
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-science-microsoft-azure-ml-python.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-science-microsoft-azure-ml-python.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-science-microsoft-azure-ml-python.mobi</br>
### Self-Service Analytics
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/self-service-analytics.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/self-service-analytics.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/self-service-analytics.mobi</br>
### Going Pro in Data Science
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/going-pro-in-data-science.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/going-pro-in-data-science.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/going-pro-in-data-science.mobi</br>
### Evaluating Machine Learning Models
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/evaluating-machine-learning-models.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/evaluating-machine-learning-models.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/evaluating-machine-learning-models.mobi</br>
### What is Data Science?
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/what-is-data-science.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/what-is-data-science.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/what-is-data-science.mobi</br>
### Artificial Intelligence Now
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/artificial-intelligence-now.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/artificial-intelligence-now.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/artificial-intelligence-now.mobi</br>
### Practical Artificial Intelligence in the Cloud
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/practical-artificial-intelligence-in-the-cloud.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/practical-artificial-intelligence-in-the-cloud.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/practical-artificial-intelligence-in-the-cloud.mobi</br>
### The New Artificial Intelligence Market
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/the-new-artificial-intelligence-market.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/the-new-artificial-intelligence-market.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/the-new-artificial-intelligence-market.mobi</br>
### AI and Medicine
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/ai-and-medicine.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/ai-and-medicine.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/ai-and-medicine.mobi</br>
### What is Artificial Intelligence?
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/what-is-artificial-intelligence.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/what-is-artificial-intelligence.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/what-is-artificial-intelligence.mobi</br>
### The Future of Machine Intelligence
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/future-of-machine-intelligence.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/future-of-machine-intelligence.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/future-of-machine-intelligence.mobi</br>
### What Are Conversational Bots?
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/what-are-conversational-bots.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/what-are-conversational-bots.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/what-are-conversational-bots.mobi</br>
### Architecting for Access: Simplifying Analytics on Big Data Infrastructure
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/architecting-for-access.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/architecting-for-access.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/architecting-for-access.mobi</br>
### Hadoop and Spark Performance for the Enterprise
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/hadoop-and-spark-performance-for-the-enterprise.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/hadoop-and-spark-performance-for-the-enterprise.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/hadoop-and-spark-performance-for-the-enterprise.mobi</br>
### In Search of Database Nirvana
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/in-search-of-database-nirvana.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/in-search-of-database-nirvana.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/in-search-of-database-nirvana.mobi</br>
### Making Sense of Stream Processing
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/stream-processing.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/stream-processing.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/stream-processing.mobi</br>
### Architecting Data Lakes
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/architecting-data-lakes.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/architecting-data-lakes.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/architecting-data-lakes.mobi</br>
### Hadoop: What You Need to Know
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/hadoop-what-you-need-to-know.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/hadoop-what-you-need-to-know.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/hadoop-what-you-need-to-know.mobi</br>
### Fast Data: Smart and at Scale
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/fast-data-smart-and-at-scale.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/fast-data-smart-and-at-scale.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/fast-data-smart-and-at-scale.mobi</br>
### Migrating Big Data Analytics into the Cloud
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/migrating-big-data-analytics.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/migrating-big-data-analytics.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/migrating-big-data-analytics.mobi</br>
## From theme: Webops
### Serverless Ops: A Beginner's Guide to AWS Lambda and Beyond
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/serverless-ops.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/serverless-ops.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/serverless-ops.mobi</br>
### Cloud-Native Evolution: How Companies Go Digital
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/cloud-native-evolution.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/cloud-native-evolution.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/cloud-native-evolution.mobi</br>
### Unikernels: Beyond Containers to the Next Generation of Cloud
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/unikernels.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/unikernels.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/unikernels.mobi</br>
### Mobile App Analytics
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/mobile-app-analytics.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/mobile-app-analytics.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/mobile-app-analytics.mobi</br>
### Monitoring Distributed Systems: Case Studies from Google's SRE Teams
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/monitoring-distributed-systems.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/monitoring-distributed-systems.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/monitoring-distributed-systems.mobi</br>
### Release Engineering: How Google Builds and Delivers Software
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/release-engineering.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/release-engineering.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/release-engineering.mobi</br>
### Beyond the Twelve-Factor App
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/beyond-the-twelve-factor-app.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/beyond-the-twelve-factor-app.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/beyond-the-twelve-factor-app.mobi</br>
### Docker in the Cloud
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/docker-in-the-cloud.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/docker-in-the-cloud.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/docker-in-the-cloud.mobi</br>
### Network Automation with Ansible
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/network-automation-with-ansible.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/network-automation-with-ansible.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/network-automation-with-ansible.mobi</br>
### Are Your Networks Ready for the IoT?
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/are-your-networks-ready-for-the-iot.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/are-your-networks-ready-for-the-iot.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/are-your-networks-ready-for-the-iot.mobi</br>
### Docker Networking and Service Discovery
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/docker-networking-and-service-delivery.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/docker-networking-and-service-delivery.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/docker-networking-and-service-delivery.mobi</br>
### Immutable Infrastructure
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/immutable-infrastructure.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/immutable-infrastructure.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/immutable-infrastructure.mobi</br>
### Continuous Delivery with Windows and .NET
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/continuous-delivery-with-windows-and-net.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/continuous-delivery-with-windows-and-net.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/continuous-delivery-with-windows-and-net.mobi</br>
### Docker Security
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/docker-security.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/docker-security.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/docker-security.mobi</br>
### Kubernetes: Scheduling the Future at Cloud Scale
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/kubernetes.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/kubernetes.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/kubernetes.mobi</br>
### Modern Web Operations
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/modern-web-operations.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/modern-web-operations.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/modern-web-operations.mobi</br>
### Field Guide to the Distributed Development Stack
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/distributed-development-stack.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/distributed-development-stack.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/distributed-development-stack.mobi</br>
### 5 Unsung Tools of DevOps
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/unsung-tools-of-devops.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/unsung-tools-of-devops.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/unsung-tools-of-devops.mobi</br>
### Lightweight Systems for Realtime Monitoring
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/lightweight-systems.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/lightweight-systems.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/lightweight-systems.mobi</br>
### Anomaly Detection for Monitoring: A Statistical Approach to Time Series Anomaly Detection
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/anomaly-detection-monitoring.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/anomaly-detection-monitoring.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/anomaly-detection-monitoring.mobi</br>
### Enterprise DevOps Playbook
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/enterprise-devops-playbook.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/enterprise-devops-playbook.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/enterprise-devops-playbook.mobi</br>
### ChatOps: Managing Operations in Group Chat
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/chatops.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/chatops.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/chatops.mobi</br>
### DevOpsSec: Securing Software through Continuous Delivery
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/devopssec.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/devopssec.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/devopssec.mobi</br>
### DevOps for Finance
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/devops-for-finance.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/devops-for-finance.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/devops-for-finance.mobi</br>
### Building an Optimized Business
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/building-an-optimized-business.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/building-an-optimized-business.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/building-an-optimized-business.mobi</br>
### Everything Is Distributed
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/everything-is-distributed.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/everything-is-distributed.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/everything-is-distributed.mobi</br>
### DevOps in Practice
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/devops-in-practice.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/devops-in-practice.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/devops-in-practice.mobi</br>
### The Human Side of Postmortems
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/the-human-side-of-postmortems.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/the-human-side-of-postmortems.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/the-human-side-of-postmortems.mobi</br>
### Learning from First Responders: When Your Systems Have to Work
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/learning-from-first-responders.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/learning-from-first-responders.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/learning-from-first-responders.mobi</br>
### DevOps Hiring
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/devops-hiring.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/devops-hiring.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/devops-hiring.mobi</br>
### Antifragile Systems and Teams
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/antifragile-systems-and-teams.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/antifragile-systems-and-teams.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/antifragile-systems-and-teams.mobi</br>
## From theme: Web-platform
### 2016-2017 Web Salary Survey
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/2016-2017-web-salary-survey-report.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/2016-2017-web-salary-survey-report.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/2016-2017-web-salary-survey-report.mobi</br>
### Building Web Apps for Everyone
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/building-web-apps-for-everyone.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/building-web-apps-for-everyone.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/building-web-apps-for-everyone.mobi</br>
### Building Web Apps that Respect a User’s Privacy and Security
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/building-web-apps-that-respect-user-privacy-and-security.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/building-web-apps-that-respect-user-privacy-and-security.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/building-web-apps-that-respect-user-privacy-and-security.mobi</br>
### CSS Secrets: Sampler
http://www.oreilly.com/free/free/files/css-secrets-collection.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/free/free/files/css-secrets-collection.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/free/free/files/css-secrets-collection.mobi</br>
### Python Web Frameworks
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/python-web-frameworks.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/python-web-frameworks.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/python-web-frameworks.mobi</br>
### Modern SVG: A Curated Collection of Chapters from the O’Reilly SVG Library
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/modern-svg.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/modern-svg.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/modern-svg.mobi</br>
### The Little Book of HTML/CSS Coding Guidelines
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/little-book-html-css-coding-guidelines.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/little-book-html-css-coding-guidelines.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/little-book-html-css-coding-guidelines.mobi</br>
### Upgrading to PHP 7
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/upgrading-to-php-seven.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/upgrading-to-php-seven.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/upgrading-to-php-seven.mobi</br>
### Static Site Generators
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/static-site-generators.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/static-site-generators.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/static-site-generators.mobi</br>
### Transforms in CSS
http://www.oreilly.com/free/free/files/transforms-in-css.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/free/free/files/transforms-in-css.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/free/free/files/transforms-in-css.mobi</br>
### Getting Started with the Web
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/getting-started-with-the-web.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/getting-started-with-the-web.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/getting-started-with-the-web.mobi</br>
### Modern JavaScript
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/modern-javascript.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/modern-javascript.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/modern-javascript.mobi</br>
### Designing Great Web APIs
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/designing-great-web-apis.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/designing-great-web-apis.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/designing-great-web-apis.mobi</br>
### The Little Book of HTML/CSS Frameworks
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/book-of-html-css-frameworks.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/book-of-html-css-frameworks.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/book-of-html-css-frameworks.mobi</br>
### Next.JS: A Manager's Guide
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/js-next-a-managers-guide.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/js-next-a-managers-guide.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/js-next-a-managers-guide.mobi</br>
### You Don't Know JS Up & Going
http://www.oreilly.com/product/free/files/0636920039303.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/product/free/files/0636920039303.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/product/free/files/0636920039303.mobi</br>
### Web Platform Report
http://www.oreilly.com/product/free/files/0636920033127.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/product/free/files/0636920033127.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/product/free/files/0636920033127.mobi</br>
### Building Web Apps that Work Everywhere
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/building-web-apps-that-work-everywhere.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/building-web-apps-that-work-everywhere.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/building-web-apps-that-work-everywhere.mobi</br>
### Real User Measurements: Why the Last Mile Is the Relevant Mile
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/real-user-measurements.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/real-user-measurements.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/real-user-measurements.mobi</br>
### Effective Performance Engineering
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/effective-performance-engineering.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/effective-performance-engineering.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/effective-performance-engineering.mobi</br>
### Optimizing Cloud Migration
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/optimizing-cloud-migration.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/optimizing-cloud-migration.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/optimizing-cloud-migration.mobi</br>
### Web Performance Warrior
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/web-performance-warrior.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/web-performance-warrior.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/web-performance-warrior.mobi</br>
### Web Page Size, Speed, and Performance
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/webpage-size-speed-perf.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/webpage-size-speed-perf.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/webpage-size-speed-perf.mobi</br>
### HTTP/2: A New Excerpt from High Performance Browser Networking
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/HTTP2-high-perf-browser-networking.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/HTTP2-high-perf-browser-networking.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/HTTP2-high-perf-browser-networking.mobi</br>
### Compliance at Speed
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/compliance-at-speed.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/compliance-at-speed.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/compliance-at-speed.mobi</br>
## From theme: Security
### Security and Frontend Performance
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/security-and-frontend-performance.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/security-and-frontend-performance.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/security-and-frontend-performance.mobi</br>
### Privacy and the Internet of Things
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/privacy-and-the-iot.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/privacy-and-the-iot.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/privacy-and-the-iot.mobi</br>
### Cracking Security Misconceptions: Untangling Common Myths About Modern Information Security
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/cracking-security-misconceptions.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/cracking-security-misconceptions.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/cracking-security-misconceptions.mobi</br>
### Patrolling the Dark Net: What You Don't Know Will Hurt You
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/patrolling-the-dark-net.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/patrolling-the-dark-net.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/patrolling-the-dark-net.mobi</br>
### DevOpsSec: Securing Software through Continuous Delivery
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/devopssec.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/devopssec.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/devopssec.mobi</br>
### Not All Data Is Created Equal: Balancing Risk and Reward in a Data-Driven Economy
http://www.oreilly.com/security/free/files/not-all-data-is-created-equal.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/security/free/files/not-all-data-is-created-equal.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/security/free/files/not-all-data-is-created-equal.mobi</br>
### Who Are the Bad Guys and What Do They Want?
http://www.oreilly.com/security/free/files/who-are-the-bad-guys-and-what-do-they-want.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/security/free/files/who-are-the-bad-guys-and-what-do-they-want.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/security/free/files/who-are-the-bad-guys-and-what-do-they-want.mobi</br>
### Docker Security
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/docker-security.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/docker-security.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/docker-security.mobi</br>
### The Security Data Lake
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/security-data-lake.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/security-data-lake.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/security-data-lake.mobi</br>
## From theme: Business
### The Secrets Behind Great One-on-One Meetings
http://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/the-secrets-behind-great-one-on-one-meetings.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/the-secrets-behind-great-one-on-one-meetings.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/the-secrets-behind-great-one-on-one-meetings.mobi</br>
### Designing Culture: Behavioral Strategy for the Workplace
http://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/designing-culture.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/designing-culture.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/designing-culture.mobi</br>
### The New Manager Mindset
http://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/the-new-manager-mindset.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/the-new-manager-mindset.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/the-new-manager-mindset.mobi</br>
### Introduction to OKRs
http://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/introduction-to-okrs.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/introduction-to-okrs.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/introduction-to-okrs.mobi</br>
### Serving Workers in the Gig Economy: Emerging Resources for the On-Demand Workforce
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/serving-workers-gig-economy.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/serving-workers-gig-economy.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/serving-workers-gig-economy.mobi</br>
### Build to Lead: How Lego Bricks Can Make You a Better Leader
http://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/build-to-lead.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/build-to-lead.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/build-to-lead.mobi</br>
### Your Critical First 10 Days as a Leader
http://www.oreilly.com/free/free/files/critical-first-10-days-as-leader.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/free/free/files/critical-first-10-days-as-leader.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/free/free/files/critical-first-10-days-as-leader.mobi</br>
### Three Critical Shifts in Thinking for the Evolving Leader
http://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/three-critical-shifts-in-thinking-for-the-evolving-leader.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/three-critical-shifts-in-thinking-for-the-evolving-leader.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/three-critical-shifts-in-thinking-for-the-evolving-leader.mobi</br>
### Startup Essentials
http://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/startup-essentials.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/startup-essentials.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/startup-essentials.mobi</br>
### What’s the Future of Work?
http://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/whats-the-future-of-work.pdf</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/whats-the-future-of-work.epub</br>
http://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/whats-the-future-of-work.mobi</br>
